Brother, is your news accurate?
Didn't you say that Miss Zuo was going to the temple this morning?
But it's almost noon, why haven't you come out yet?
Don't worry, since you choose to be a hunter
Have the patience of a hunter
Here it comes.
Miss
Go to the notification office to be safe
Hurry up and act
Coming ok
out of the way
Get out of the way, don't worry, don't worry.
Get out of the way, get out of the way, let go, let go, let go, I can't stop, I can't stop, I can't hurt
Ah, oops, are you alright, brother, are you alright?
Where did you hit?
What about the legs?
It's alright, don't worry, my leg, my leg, my leg, I'll go first, I'm fine.
I'll go first
Don't go, don't go
Don't go, oops, oops.
Miss
Miss Miss
Miss oh miss